vt-phplist-integration
======================

This is an attempt to combine the functionalities of Vtiger CRM and PHPList using a PHP wrapper of sorts, CSS3, jQuery, MySQL and the PDO extensions.

Why?
====

The intention is to combine and enhance the functionalities of Vtiger CRM (a Customer Relationship Management system) with PHPList (a mass mailing, subscription-based system) in order to improve the core capabilities of Vtiger CRM. In its initial phase, this integration aims to create an e-Marketing Campaings module, with other functionalities to follow.

How?
====

As modifying core Vtiger code is out of the question due to lack of up-to-date documentation, and the fact that it involves a really steep learning curve, I decided to build on top of the existing functionalities (the database tables), reverse-engineering them and emulating the procedures used by Vtiger and PHPList in order to combine them. Integrating this new code into Vtiger is also not that easy (mostly because of my current skill set and lack of developing time), so I decided to create an HTML5, CSS3, jQuery wrapper for this, in order to build separate modules that could be integrated on an administrative interface, easier to use than Vtiger's or PHPList's UIs. This also uses PHP PDO extensions, so they must be installed on the server in order for this to work.

Where?
======

Current developing has been put on standby due to my graduate thesis development.

What? (//TODO:)
===============

There's still much to be done.

- Since this is meant to be integrated into modules, current UI is... lacking, to say the least. Serious improvement is necessary in order to be usable.
- The autogenerated classes need to be normalized (fix camel-casing, document methods and structure) and put into separate module folders.
- Current CRUD-like functionality for the e-Marketing Campaigns module needs to be completed.
- Lots of other stuff...

Requirements
============

PHP >= 5.3 with PDO and pdo_mysql
jQuery >= 1.8.3
jQuery UI >= 1.9.2

Installation
============

This is not meant to be used as a standalone application, so current installation instructions are not available... yet. Sorry.

License
=======

Due to recent problems, I've decided to release this code under the GNU General Public Licence v3

Copyright (C) 2012 Carlos Paparoni

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.